README.md, before:

Boto3 command line interface
============================

```
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --id ID               friendly authorization name
  --create_bucket [CREATE_BUCKET [CREATE_BUCKET ...]]
                        command name
  --put_object [PUT_OBJECT [PUT_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --upload_file [UPLOAD_FILE [UPLOAD_FILE ...]]
                        command name
  --copy_object [COPY_OBJECT [COPY_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --delete_bucket [DELETE_BUCKET [DELETE_BUCKET ...]]
                        command name
  --delete_object [DELETE_OBJECT [DELETE_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --download_file [DOWNLOAD_FILE [DOWNLOAD_FILE ...]]
                        command name
  --put_bucket_acl [PUT_BUCKET_ACL [PUT_BUCKET_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --put_object_acl [PUT_OBJECT_ACL [PUT_OBJECT_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --print_bucket [PRINT_BUCKET [PRINT_BUCKET ...]]
                        command name
  --print_object [PRINT_OBJECT [PRINT_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --print_buckets [PRINT_BUCKETS [PRINT_BUCKETS ...]]
                        command name
  --get_bucket_acl [GET_BUCKET_ACL [GET_BUCKET_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --get_object_acl [GET_OBJECT_ACL [GET_OBJECT_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --show_help HELP      show help for command
  -a ADDRESS, --address ADDRESS
                        service address (<host>:<port>)
  -v, --verbose         verbose logging
  -r REGION, --region REGION
                        region name

```

Examples:


Download file:

```
./boto_cli.py --id user1 -v --download_file Bucket=1234 Key=1234 Filename=file
```


Create bucket: 

```
./boto_cli.py --id user1 -v --create_bucket Bucket=123434 ACL=public-read
```



Credentials should be in .credentials.yaml in the same folder, where ./boto_cli.py lies:

```
---
credentials:
  user1:
    id: user123
    key: key3194u029urfoere
```

Commit message:

Added ability to pass json to any parameter which will be parsed to dict #1.

README.md, after:

Boto3 command line interface
============================

```
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  --id ID               friendly authorization name
  --create_bucket [CREATE_BUCKET [CREATE_BUCKET ...]]
                        command name
  --put_object [PUT_OBJECT [PUT_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --upload_file [UPLOAD_FILE [UPLOAD_FILE ...]]
                        command name
  --copy_object [COPY_OBJECT [COPY_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --delete_bucket [DELETE_BUCKET [DELETE_BUCKET ...]]
                        command name
  --delete_object [DELETE_OBJECT [DELETE_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --download_file [DOWNLOAD_FILE [DOWNLOAD_FILE ...]]
                        command name
  --put_bucket_acl [PUT_BUCKET_ACL [PUT_BUCKET_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --put_object_acl [PUT_OBJECT_ACL [PUT_OBJECT_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --print_bucket [PRINT_BUCKET [PRINT_BUCKET ...]]
                        command name
  --print_object [PRINT_OBJECT [PRINT_OBJECT ...]]
                        command name
  --print_buckets [PRINT_BUCKETS [PRINT_BUCKETS ...]]
                        command name
  --get_bucket_acl [GET_BUCKET_ACL [GET_BUCKET_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --get_object_acl [GET_OBJECT_ACL [GET_OBJECT_ACL ...]]
                        command name
  --show_help HELP      show help for command
  -a ADDRESS, --address ADDRESS
                        service address (<host>:<port>)
  -v, --verbose         verbose logging
  -r REGION, --region REGION
                        region name

```

Examples:


Download file:

```
./boto_cli.py --id user1 -v --download_file Bucket=1234 Key=1234 Filename=file
```


Create bucket: 

```
./boto_cli.py --id user1 -v --create_bucket Bucket=123434 ACL=public-read
```

Dictionary as a parameter can be defined like this:

```
CreateBucketConfiguration='{"LocationConstraint": "EU"}'
```

Credentials should be in .credentials.yaml in the same folder, where ./boto_cli.py lies:

```
---
credentials:
  user1:
    id: user123
    key: key3194u029urfoere
```
